the film opens in new york city tomcat is making
his way to the park while jerry mouse meets with
a shady rat for a place to stay after having
no luck jerry comes across tom in central park
pretending to be blind while playing the
piano for money to a crowd of onlookers
jerry sabotages the act by dancing for the
crowd stealing tom's money tom goes after jerry
revealing his non-blindness to the angry crowd
the cat chases the mouse until tom crashes into
a young woman kayla forrester ruining her delivery
of clothing after an argument with her boss kayla
quits her job tom catches jerry running into the
royal gate hotel but the doorman boots tom out
leaving jerry to sneak into the hotel undetected
kayla goes in to grab a snack before spotting a
woman linda perry bottom awaiting an interview
kayla pretends to be part of the staff
and convinces linda to give her her resume before
saying the hotel is looking for someone more local
kayla passes the resume off as her own and
manages to score a meeting with a hotel manager
mr henry dubrows and events manager terence
mendoza who hire her for the weekend since the
hotel is hosting a wedding for a wealthy couple
tom tries to find a way into the hotel but runs
into an alley cat gang led by butch when they
threaten tom he manages to call an animal control
officer in their direction causing them to run
away meanwhile jerry gets himself comfortable in
his own little room within the walls of the hotel
terence takes kayla on a tour of the hotel and the
people who work there before the bride and groom
prieta and then arrive with their pets spike the
dog and toots the cat spike barks in jerry's
direction until he feeds spike a dog treat
jerry's presence is made known and kayla vows
to catch the mouse before creative and then find
out about him and decide to take their wedding
elsewhere she befriends the hotel's bartender
cameron in her attempts to catch jerry but after
she sets a mousetrap with some cheese to lure him
there the mouse catches on quickly and takes the
cheese without setting off the trap and leaves a
note and tip for kayla she realizes she has found
herself a challenge that night tom is trying
to play his broken keyboard in the rain until
he sees jerry from a window in the hotel room
after talking to his shoulder angel and
devil tom resolves to go after his rival
he makes several attempts to make it into the room
all of which are foiled by jerry and lead to tom
getting injured repeatedly he eventually opens the
window himself and chases jerry through the room
both of them trashing the place until kayla hears
the commotion and finds tom recognizing him from
earlier before she can kick him out tom manages to
communicate with her and say he can help her catch
jerry she takes tom to do bros and terrence to
suggest that they hire him briefly to help catch
jerry instead of an exterminator who can cause
problems for the wedding although terence doesn't
like the idea dubros likes kayla's initiative and
agrees with her tom starts his job of going after
jerry when he spots the mouse in the halls but
when he tries to beat him with a bat he ends up
hitting spike making a new enemy in the process
kayla gets help from the bellop joy who notices
the tiny door in the hall that leads to jerry's
room kayla formally meets jerry when he gives her
his business card but once he spots tom the two
continue their shenanigans leading tom to smash
face first into the wall when jerry moves the
door to the right kayla and terence go to ben
in prieta's room where ben talks about bringing in
elephants for the wedding to carry him in prieta
although she thinks it's too much after ben and
terence leave the room prieda confides to kayla
that her engagement ring is missing and she is
afraid of ben finding out when ben notices it's
not on her finger kayla covers for her and says
she is getting it cleaned in reality jerry has it
in his room terence is also made to take spike
out for a walk and the dog causes problems for
him tom comes up with an elaborate rube goldberg
device to trap jerry in a cage after luring him
out with cheese he brings jerry to kayla's proof
and then ships him off somewhere while kayla has
her own little celebration tom goes to play the
piano until toots catches his eye he starts to
play a song until jerry returns and messes with
him kayla catches them and stops them from causing
trouble but after she threatens to bring in
exterminators jerry reveals he has prieta's ring
and will give it back as long as he can stay
in the hotel terence comes back with spike and
he notices jerry and kayla's pocket before he
can find the mouse spike chases after tom and
jerry causing a major commotion in the lobby that
ends when they cause the ceiling to collapse kayla
ends up grabbing the ring so she can return it to
prieta terence tells dubros he should fire kayla
for failing to catch jerry since he spotted him
during the commotion but dubros thinks the wedding
planning is stressing terence out so he puts
him on leave and promotes kayla to his position
she goes to the roof to find tom and jerry and
tells them they can stay in the hotel as long as
they can prove they can get along without causing
any more damage since the wedding is the next day
kayla sends tom and jerry out into the city for
some time together while she gets the staff ready
for the wedding the two enjoy themselves even
though tom naturally takes a lot of hits on the
streets after the elephants arrive kayla meets
with prieta who admits that she and ben haven't
been communicating well enough and she hasn't been
able to bring herself to tell him that he has done
too much for the wedding fearing it will be a
disaster kayla also runs into ben who expresses
similar sentiments but kayla knows that the two
of them really do love and care for each other
unfortunately ben miss interprets keller's advice
as to go even bigger than he is already tom
and jerry are taken to the animal pound where
they find butch and his gang they dare tom to
eat jerry to prove that they aren't actually
friends and after tom puts jerry in his mouth
the mouse lights a fire in there that blows their
cover fortunately they are bailed out by terrance
unfortunately he gets them in separate rooms
to spread lies about each other to keep them
turned against one another terence leads the duo
to go to the hotel separately as the wedding is
starting to take place he gets tom to go after
jerry chasing him on top of the wedding cake
chef jackie starts hitting the cake to get
jerry leading him to fly towards the elephants
who promptly freak out at the sight of jerry
this causes them to start stampeding throughout
the hotel before they end up running into the
streets following the disaster prieta tells ben
the wedding is off and gives him back the ring
kayla is then forced to come clean to dubros
about lying about her resume and sees herself
out of the hotel before she is officially fired
tom and jerry realize it was their fault the
wedding was ruined and they finally decide
to set aside their differences to help kayla they
find her and jordan in the market and offer their
services to help put on a wedding in central park
kayla finds out that prieta is heading for jfk
airport so she has tom and jerry chase after her
on a remote controlled skateboard with a drone to
grab tooths and have created his car turn around
to chase her meanwhile kayla talks to dubros
and apologizes for lying but he's convinced
that she is capable of turning things around
even as terence argues however kayla knows taryn
set tom and jerry loose to fight and she promises
to keep it a secret if he helps her out which he
agrees to kayla gets ben and everyone to the park
where prieta arrives and finds everyone she
and ben reconcile and are finally married
during the reception kayla and terence make
amends and caleb is allowed to keep her job
she does bring linda back so that she can have
the job she deserves tom is playing the piano for
toots again until jerry starts to mess with him
again leading them to also run into spike the trio
pulls down the end curtain for the humans so that
they can continue their mayhem at a safe distance
after the credits ben receives
a bill for both weddings
to which dubros said that
it doesn't look good for him
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us
grow click the notification bell so you
will be notified when we upload our next
videos